enable
conf t
hostname switch1

vlan 10
name cse
exit
vlan 20
name ece
vlan 30
name it
vlan 40
name mech
vlan 50
name electric
exit

interface fa0/1
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
exit
interface fa0/2
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 10
exit

interface fa0/3
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 20
exit
interface fa0/4
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
exit

interface fa0/5
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 30
exit
interface fa0/6
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 30
exit


interface fa0/7
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 40
exit
interface fa0/8
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 40
exit

interface fa0/9
switchport mode access 
switchport access vlan 50
exit
interface fa0/10
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 50
exit